Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-
- Hey!
- Yeah!
There you go.
♪ I had a friend
Was a big baseball player ♪
Hey. Hey. whoa. hey. Who gave you this?
Grandpa.
Yeah? I gotta keep an eye on you.
I love you. pal.
- Hey.
Happy Fourth.
-You remember Hayden.
-Hey. good to see you again.
-Likewise. Good to see you.
-Hey. Welcome. We got lots of food.
Okay.
There he is.
I wanted you to meet my friend Hayden.
Hey. buddy.
Your Aunt Rachel tells me that
you already know how to do a high five.
Up high. All right.
You're late.
I brought wine.
-Oh. then you're forgiven.
-Thank you.
So you two back together?
No. Just friends.
Mm-hmm.
-Hey.
-I need to go potty.
Oh. then we need to go potty.
Hey. Hayden.
Thank you.
-Did you give Matthew a sparkler?
-I did. It's the Fourth of July.
Let a three-year-old play with fire?
It's a sparkler. David.
It's not a blowtorch.
Who's the guy with the. uh.
interesting hair?
That's Kyle Bergin.
Dave and I went to high school with him.
Everyone called him Skunk.
Must have been a long four years.
nickname like that.
He loved the name. Skunk.
It's like he wanted to work
for Nicky Fisher from the jump.
Everything okay?
It's fine.
Hold still.
If Hilde's willing to go on the record
and admit she lied on the stand.
we'd have enough to go to the police
and get a new trial.
I don't want a new trial.
I just want my son back.
All right. well.
let's go raid Hayden's closet
and find Hilde Winslow.
What if Hilde doesn't show
to get her mail?
We gonna stand at Postal Works forever?
Jim wasn't able to get her address.
but maybe Adam could.
He's law enforcement. right?
Adam and Philip risked everything for me.
I'm not gonna ask them for more help.
I get it.
Well. I rent a PO box near my house.
I'm assuming Hilde does the same thing.
So we know her general neighborhood.
We could go there.
you keep an eye on Postal Works.
and I could cruise around.
see if she's out and about.
Might get lucky.
Were your sister and David close
when you two were married?
Uh. well. David and I met
our first year at Amherst.
so I guess Rachel has known him
as long as I have.
And when was the last time you two spoke?
Last week.
Uh. she's helping me
plan my baby shower. so…
Did you know she was at Briggs
visiting your ex-husband
the day before he escaped?
No.
Any reason why your ex-husband
might be headed to New York?
No. Is that where you think he's going?
If your sister contacts you.
you need to call us immediately.
I can show you out.
Please let us know
if there's anything we can do to help.
Thank you.
You just lied to the FBI.
Do you know how serious that is?
We don't know what happened.
She called you from Maine
the day before he escaped.
You don't think the FBI.
they can check your phone records?
-What am I supposed to do?
-Tell them the truth.
-She is my sister.
-I understand that. I do.
But your sister…
She's gonna land you in jail.
I need to get ready for this fundraiser.
Sarah. Hey.
So I was hoping you would
put in a good word for me with Max.
-About what?
-To partner up when you leave.
How do you know about that?
I got a buddy in the Seattle office.
Wait. you haven't told him yet?
We're kind of in the middle
of a manhunt here.
Okay. well. it'd be a shame if he found
out before you had a chance to tell him.
Of course. I'd be happy to do you a favor.
Keep it to myself.
Subtle.
-Undercover team's in place?
-Since last night.
And I pulled in tac agents
from Brooklyn to expand our coverage.
Mobile command?
A surveillance van in an alley
around the corner from Hilde.
DOT is standing by for traffic.
News said he took you hostage.
No.
Adam and I broke him out.
It was the only way to protect him.
Protect him from what?
Rachel Mills came to visit David.
She showed him a photo of a little boy
around 8 years old.
It was taken at an amusement park
a few weeks ago.
David believes the boy
in the photo is Matthew.
What?
We buried him. Philip. You were there.
Right after David saw the photo.
there were back-to-back attempts
made on his life.
I do not think they were a coincidence.
I think they happened
because David saw that photo.
What if we were wrong
about what happened that night?
Everything pointed to him.
Not everything.
-What is he talking about. Lenny?
-Nothing.
Don't you dare do that. Not about this.
Hilde Winslow lied on the stand.
David didn't bury the bat
in the woods that night.
How could you possibly know that?
Because we did.
The night of the murder.
the responding officers.
they realized who David was.
They called me.
I was on scene before the detectives.
I found the bat.
I knew David would never
consciously hurt Matthew.
It had to be a night terror.
I-I-I panicked. I called Philip.
And we buried it.
I thought maybe without a murder weapon.
he'd get off.
We have to tell someone.
Tell them what. Soph?
The murder weapon was inside the house?
It makes him even more guilty.
What we did.
we did because
we thought David had done it.
But if Matthew is still alive.
that means someone else is behind
everything that happened that night.
And they're still out there.
Hey. it's me.
We need to talk.
- Thanks so much.
- Enjoy.
- Hey.
David's escape is all over the news.
Where are you?
I'm in New York.
You're going after Hilde Winslow.
aren't you?
Jim…
I know that you're looking
for a way back in.
If half of what you've told me is true.
and David really is innocent.
this is the story of a lifetime.
All right. well. this isn't about a story.
This is about finding Matthew.
Why can't it be both?
Listen. I gotta go.
No sign of Hilde?
-No. You?
-No.
Walked every street
within a three-block radius
until the siren call
of cheese and sauce diverted me.
Wow.
It's good. I forgot how good that is.
See? If you would've allowed visitors.
I could've snuck you in
a slice from Sal's.
Why didn't you?
I guess I felt like I wanted to disappear.
I get that.
We only need her address
from the mail. right?
Yeah. which is inside the PO box.
You said you rent a box in Revere.
so you got a key?
-Why?
-Just give it to me.
Here. What's her number?
-Forty-two.
-Okay.
You… You gonna tell me your plan?
Where's the fun in that?
Goddamn it.
Excuse me.
What can I do for you?
I'm trying to get the mail for my mom.
and the key broke.
It's stuck in the lock.
It's been one of those weeks.
You wouldn't happen to have
a master key or something
that you can get it from other side?
Her name's Harriet Winchester.
-Nice to see you.
-I just have to take this. Okay? Sorry.
-Of course. yeah.
Hello?
Hi.
Oh my God. Rachel.
What's going on?
I've been trying to call you.
I know. I'm sorry.
Please tell me you're not with David.
I am.
But I can explain why.
Oh my God. I. uh…
I shouldn't be talking to you.
Can I just tell you why?
No. I don't care. okay?
I don't care why you did it
or what you're doing in New York.
Wait. how do you know we're in New York?
Because an FBI agent
was at my house this morning
telling me if I heard from you.
I had to call them.
Give me one reason
why I shouldn't turn you both in.
It's about Matthew.
We think he's alive.
Cheryl?
Why would you say that to me?
It's the truth. okay? I…
It's why I'm helping David.
Stop it.
We think he's alive. Cheryl.
We think Matthew's alive.
Are you okay. dear?
Yeah.
Here you go.
Thank you.
Is everything all right?
Just hormones.
I'm Gertrude. by the way. It's a pleasure.
Ahem. uh. Cheryl Dreason.
Dr. Dreason. actually.
This is my fundraiser. and here I am
falling apart in the ladies' room.
Nonsense. Pregnancy can be
quite the emotional roller coaster.
if memory serves.
It's been a tough day.
and… now I have to go
and deliver this huge speech.
Sorry. I don't usually open up
to strangers in the bathroom.
Well. then it's a good thing
we're no longer strangers. isn't it?
Keep it. I always carry a spare.
You're too kind.
Good luck. Something tells me
you're going to do just great.
Harriet Winchester.
a.k.a. Hilde Winslow.
18 Mercer Court. Apartment 3B.
The FBI knows we're in New York. David.
How?
Just talked to Cheryl.
They were at her house.
asking why you might be here.
It's Matthew's file.
I circled Hilde's name in my notes.
They must have found it
and put it together.
They'll be waiting for us.
Mackenzie.
Burroughs.
-It's been a while.
-They finally made you sergeant. huh?
-How are you holding up. Lenny?
-What's going on. Murph?
Why are we here?
We got a call this morning
about a desecration.
What the hell?
Lenny. maybe you should let me do this.
Jesus Christ. Who did this?
-Who did this?
-We don't know yet.
Yeah? Well. that's my grandson's
empty coffin at the bottom of a dirt hole.
-So you might want to get on it.
-Okay.
What do you know. Murph?
Some guy on the maintenance crew
said he saw a truck
leaving the grounds early this morning.
A black Toyota Tundra.
Had some damage on the left back bumper.
We'll find him. Lenny.
Yeah. hey. Murph. uh…
thanks a lot.
Yeah. you bet.
What if it was David?
What if he came back here?
I don't think it was.
Perimeter check.
No sign.
Businesswoman has been pretending
to hail a cab for a half hour now.
And not to be critical
of our civil service workers.
but local mailman has been organizing
his bag since we got here.
How am I gonna get in?
Afraid you're not.
We need a plan B.
There isn't one. Hilde's the only lead.
Maybe there's a service entrance out back.
That's gonna be covered.
We could try to draw her out.
Call in a bomb threat or something.
Okay. what if I go in? Right?
I can ask her all the same questions.
I mean. you're the fugitive. right?
Not me.
We've got to assume they're after you too.
Good point.
Take my burner.
I've got an idea.
Chopra. you good?
I am. You can count on me
as the last line of defense. boss.
Hmm.
Hey. I need to talk to you
about something later.
Well. let me guess.
Julie wasn't in your office yesterday
to talk about a TikTok video.
Do you ever get tired
of knowing everything?
No.
Holy shit. Is that Rachel Mills?
-Where?
-Right there.
I'll be damned.
Anybody seeing Burroughs?
Come on. people. anybody seeing him?
Be advised. Rachel Mills
is approaching the building.
Alpha team. move in and take her.
FBI!
Stop right there.
Show us your hands. now!
Whoa. whoa.
Turn around. put your hands on your head.
Interlock your fingers.
Okay. okay! Hey. hey. hey.
This is Bravo 2.
Rachel Mills is in custody.
-Is everything all right?
-Yes. ma'am. Just step back inside.
- Don't shoot!
- Step back inside.
Over there.
All right.
Stop! Stop! Sit down! Sit down!
-Please don't hurt me.
-At my trial. you lied on the stand.
No. you did it.
I saw you bury the bat in the woods.
I've got nothing to lose.
so if you keep lying. I'll kill you.
Ms. Mills.
I'm Agent Williams. This is Agent Greer.
So. you want to tell us
where David Burroughs is?
How would I know that?
We pulled your cell phone records.
We know he called you
right after he escaped.
Which is when
you left the diner to go pick him up.
Who told you to lie?
Who has my son?
What are you talking about?
They took him.
The people that told you to lie.
That's-- That's not possible.
They-- They told me you did it.
That you were gonna get away with it.
Who told you?
I can't. They'll kill me.
Here's how this is gonna work.
You will tell us everything you know.
and if you prove useful
in helping us capture David.
we might consider making a deal
to reduce your charges.
-Which include accessory to murder.
-What?
You drove David to Officer Ted Wesson's
home. where he executed him.
Rachel. that is a life sentence.
so you need to think before you answer.
Give me their names.
That's your daughter. right?
She was a schoolteacher? I remember.
That's Elle.
A parent would do anything
to keep their child safe.
And I couldn't protect Matthew that night.
That's why I'm doing all this.
That's just it.
That's why I lied. To protect her.
Elle had a gambling problem.
One day. a man shows up at my door.
He tells me
that you beat your son to death
and that if I help put you away.
they'll forgive her debt.
What man?
He didn't tell me his name.
but he had jet-black hair
with a white forelock running through it.
Skunk.
He said I didn't have a choice.
He told me who he worked for.
Nicky Fisher.
Where is David?
I honestly don't know.
You don't? Yeah. okay. Enjoy prison.
Come on.
Okay. Okay. fine.
I came here to talk to Hilde Winslow.
What about?
She lied on the stand.
Why would she lie?
I don't know.
but she changed her name after the trial.
She sold her house.
and she basically disappeared.
That doesn't strike you as odd?
So she moved. So what?
So. what if David's innocent?
That's why they build prisons.
They're all innocent.
If you really came here
to talk to Hilde Winslow.
then why'd you wait so long to tell us?
Hmm?
Because she's stalling.
Burroughs is inside.
All units. Burroughs is inside
the apartment.
Third floor. unit B. move in.
Shit.
I'm sorry I lied. Let me help you.
There's a fire escape
out my bedroom window.
It-- It'll take you to the street.
Burroughs. freeze!
He-- He went out the bedroom window.
He's on the roof.
Get me a bird in the air.
Lock down these streets.
Agent Greer is in pursuit.
Stop!
Ah!
David Burroughs. put your hands up now!
Hands up and get off of the ledge!
I can't go back.
No! No! Oh. shit!
Suspect last seen on Mercer.
Requesting backup to canvas the area.
It's Hilde Winslow.
David Burroughs was just in my apartment
asking questions about his son.
Did the cops get him?
No. No. he escaped.
What if he comes back?
What am I supposed to do?
You just keep your mouth shut.
I'm on my way.
Adam?
Dad?
Lenny?
What's wrong?
You really gonna stand there
and pretend like you don't know?
You dug up Matthew's grave.
You took his body.
No. That's not what happened.
Then tell us what did.
Yes. I went to the cemetery
and I dug up the coffin.
Why?
Because I wanted
to test the DNA of the body.
Prove that it wasn't Matthew.
that David was telling the truth.
Only there wasn't a body.
What are you talking about?
How could there be no body?
Because I wasn't
the first one to dig it up.
Somebody opened it
with a crowbar a long time ago.
And there's only one reason to do that.
They knew the boy
who was buried wasn't Matthew.
and they wanted to make sure
no one ever found out.
Hang on.
-Hey. You okay?
-I'm fine.
-Where did you get that?
-I pulled it from the precinct.
After I got suspended.
Adam. I'm sorry.
It's okay.
We gotta look at everything again.
There's gotta be something
that they missed.
Something that could point us
to who set David up and took Matthew.
With your generosity.
we can ensure that every child
has access to the best possible care.
giving families
in their most desperate hour
what they truly need.
Hope.
Oh. thank you.
-Dr. Dreason.
-Dr. Heller.
-Wonderful speech.
-Thank you.
How are you feeling?
Ah. pregnant.
Oh. would you excuse me a second?
-Of course.
-Thank you.
- You were fantastic.
- Thank you.
I'd like to introduce you
to Gertrude Payne.
Gertrude Payne of the Payne Foundation.
It was a lovely speech.
Thank you.
When I found out
Ms. Payne was in attendance.
I knew that you two needed to meet.
-We've met. actually.
-Oh.
Your foundation does
so much for this city.
We are honored to have you here.
If I'd have known--
I try to fly under the radar
whenever I can.
You know my father
started the Payne Foundation
after the Second World War.
He very much wanted to serve.
but his physical detected a heart murmur.
And then it was later revealed
that my grandfather.
who had amassed
quite a fortune by that point.
had paid to have his records altered
to keep him from the front lines.
Can't blame a parent
for wanting to protect their child.
Well. that's a very kind way
of putting it.
My father always wondered what happened
to that young man who took his place.
knowing that he probably
never made it home.
And so he wanted to repay his debt.
And to use the privilege
that had spared his life to help others.
Balance the scales. so to speak.
I cannot think of anyone
who I would trust more in that endeavor.
Expect a substantial donation
from our foundation
to help you meet your goals.
Wow. I… I don't know what to say.
- Well. we accept.
- Oh! Yeah.
Well. it was a pleasure
meeting you. Dr. Dreason.
Twice.
So. wait. When did you two meet?
In the bathroom.
Embarrassing. but I was really upset.
That call you took earlier
was from Rachel. wasn't it?
Yeah.
What did she say? Is she with David?
Did she say why she's doing this?
No.
We need to call the FBI.
I know. I just-- I need more time.
Please.
How'd it go?
She got a phone call during the luncheon.
I think it was from her sister.
Do you think
she'll be an issue?
Well. a new husband. a baby on the way.
and now a fully funded program
to help keep her occupied?
No. I don't think she'll be a problem.
That's good.
What about Burroughs?
He broke into Hilde Winslow's apartment.
and then he proceeded to escape again.
How many government agencies
does it take to arrest this man?
Is he still in New York?
I'm working on it.
But there's more bad news.
Rachel Mills was detained by the FBI.
She has the photo.
In more breaking news.
shots were fired
in Manhattan earlier this afternoon
after eyewitnesses reported seeing a man
pursued by police in Midtown
at an apartment building.
And we are now learning
the identity of that man.
His name. David Burroughs.
A convicted murderer who escaped
from a maximum security prison…
Hayden.
Where the hell is Rachel?
Rachel Mills. you're under arrest
for aiding and abetting David Burroughs
as well as an accessory
in the murder of Ted Wesson.
Yeah. just about a block that way.
- Hey.
You all right?
Yeah. Don't I look okay?
Don't be a wiseass. Sarah. What were
you thinking. jumping across that roof?
I was thinking about getting Burroughs.
-I had him.
-Agent Greer. we're heading out.
Would you just…
Can you just be careful? Okay?
Please?
Can you do that?
This isn't your boss
talking to you either.
Listen. I don't ever want to have to make
that phone call to your mother.
Understand?
She already hates me as it is.
I'm careful. Dad.
I gotta go.
Let's go.
Theo!
Come on! It's time for dinner!
Be right there!
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today